Tests.md, before:

# Cardano-Loans

## Beacons

### MintAskBeacon *PaymentPubKeyHash*
- [x] Only one ask token minted in the tx.
  - [x] Fail if ask token does not have the token name "Ask".
  - [x] Fail if additional kinds of tokens minted.
- [x] Must be minted to one of the dapp's addresses.
  - [x] Fail if minted to a pubkey address.
  - [x] Fail if minted to another script address.
- [x] Must be minted to an address using a staking pubkey.
  - [x] Fail if minted to an address using a staking script.
  - [x] Fail if minted to an address without a staking credential.
- [x] Must be minted to a dapp address using the supplied pubkey as the staking pubkey.
- [x] The ask token must be stored with the proper ask datum.
  - [x] Fail if askBeacon /= (beaconSym,"Ask").
  - [x] Fail is borrowerId /= (beaconSym,supplied pubkey as token).
  - [x] Fail if loanQuantity <= 0.
  - [x] Fail if loanTerm <= 0.
  - [x] Fail if collateral list is empty.
  - [x] Fail if datum not inline.
  - [x] Fail if not an AskDatum.
- [x] Fail if receiving address' staking credential does not sign.

### MintOfferBeacon *PaymentPubKeyHash*
- [x] Only one offer token minted in the tx.
- [x] The offer token must have the token name "Offer".
- [x] Only one lender token minted in the tx.
- [x] The lender token name must be the supplied pubkey.
- [x] No other tokens can be minted in the tx.
- [x] Must be minted to one of the dapp's addresses.
  - [x] Fail if minted to a pubkey address.
  - [x] Fail if minted to another script address.
- [x] Must be minted to an address using a staking pubkey.
  - [x] Fail if minted to an address using a staking script.
  - [x] Fail if minted to an address without a staking credential.
- [x] The offer token and the lender token must be stored in the same utxo at the dapp address.
  - [x] Fail if stored separately at address.
- [x] The offer datum must be valid.
  - [x] Fail if offerBeacon /= (beaconSym,"Offer").
  - [x] Fail if lenderId /= (beaconSym,supplied pubkey as token).
  - [x] Fail if loanQuantity <= 0.
  - [x] Fail if loanTerm <= 0.
  - [x] Fail if loanInterest <= 0.
  - [x] Fail if collateral list is empty.
  - [x] Fail if not all collateral rates > 0
  - [x] Fail if datum not OfferDatum.
  - [x] Fail if datum not inline.
- [x] The lender must sign the tx.

Commit message:

Added check for offer beacon being stored with loan amount. Added test for this too

Tests.md, after:

# Cardano-Loans

## Beacons

### MintAskBeacon *PaymentPubKeyHash*
- [x] Only one ask token minted in the tx.
  - [x] Fail if ask token does not have the token name "Ask".
  - [x] Fail if additional kinds of tokens minted.
- [x] Must be minted to one of the dapp's addresses.
  - [x] Fail if minted to a pubkey address.
  - [x] Fail if minted to another script address.
- [x] Must be minted to an address using a staking pubkey.
  - [x] Fail if minted to an address using a staking script.
  - [x] Fail if minted to an address without a staking credential.
- [x] Must be minted to a dapp address using the supplied pubkey as the staking pubkey.
- [x] The ask token must be stored with the proper ask datum.
  - [x] Fail if askBeacon /= (beaconSym,"Ask").
  - [x] Fail is borrowerId /= (beaconSym,supplied pubkey as token).
  - [x] Fail if loanQuantity <= 0.
  - [x] Fail if loanTerm <= 0.
  - [x] Fail if collateral list is empty.
  - [x] Fail if datum not inline.
  - [x] Fail if not an AskDatum.
- [x] Fail if receiving address' staking credential does not sign.

### MintOfferBeacon *PaymentPubKeyHash*
- [x] Only one offer token minted in the tx.
- [x] The offer token must have the token name "Offer".
- [x] Only one lender token minted in the tx.
- [x] The lender token name must be the supplied pubkey.
- [x] No other tokens can be minted in the tx.
- [x] Must be minted to one of the dapp's addresses.
  - [x] Fail if minted to a pubkey address.
  - [x] Fail if minted to another script address.
- [x] Must be minted to an address using a staking pubkey.
  - [x] Fail if minted to an address using a staking script.
  - [x] Fail if minted to an address without a staking credential.
- [x] The offer token and the lender token must be stored in the same utxo at the dapp address.
  - [x] Fail if stored separately at address.
- [x] The offer datum must be valid.
  - [x] Fail if offerBeacon /= (beaconSym,"Offer").
  - [x] Fail if lenderId /= (beaconSym,supplied pubkey as token).
  - [x] Fail if loanQuantity <= 0.
  - [x] Fail if loanTerm <= 0.
  - [x] Fail if loanInterest <= 0.
  - [x] Fail if collateral list is empty.
  - [x] Fail if not all collateral rates > 0
  - [x] Fail if datum not OfferDatum.
  - [x] Fail if datum not inline.
- [x] Offer beacon must be stored with the asked loan amount.
- [x] The lender must sign the tx.
